Hey Everyone Force affect Late Every Giveaway in
Today's New Video all you have to do is comment how you want the Story to end hit that like Button and Tell me Which
Lightsaber You want Winner will be announced on the Instagram twitter and Facebook Pages as
Well as in A Following Video on november 8 good luck Everyone Now let's get to Today's Fan Fiction
Hey Guys, How's your!
Day Going so something that
Always Made me Sympathize With Obi one was the level of Pain that he Must have gone Through When Leaving Anakin There Burning to Death
On the Lava Riverbank This is someone who, was like a little Brother to him
Who he Spent Almost every day With since They Met and Taught him
Everything that he Knew in Respect to his Masters Dying wish
Now One Reason I think obi one aged so terribly is because I can't even Imagine the Nightmares that he Must have gone Through and
Had About Anakin Burning Limbless
Screaming at Him in Pain I think if They do Make the Obi-Wan Anthology Movie They
Should Incorporate all of his Post-Traumatic Stress from the duel and his
Sleepless nights to go with it now what if he Didn't leave
Anakin There to die what if he Walked Down the lavas Riverbank as the soft soil sled him Down with each Step
Careful Not to Fall Into the river Himself as he Fell to his Knees next to Anakin Looking at
What he Had Done and What everything had turned Into
How it wasn't supposed to end This Way?
He grabbed Him Crying and Telling him that he Loved him, how he Is his Brother and that he
Won't leave him There as Anakin Lay Disoriented in His Master's Arms his Eyes Burned With an orange Haze of Hatred and Fury
Wanting to reach out and choke him but Knew he
Was only A fragment of the man that he Used to be Staggering to pick up his
Apprentice Careful Not to Fall
Only One Held Him and Began to climb the high ground Walking back to Padme Ship as he Looked above and saw the Emperor Fly
Overhead he Had to Move fast she was in Labor and he Knew what he Had to do
Connecting With Master Yoda and Senator bail Organa on Polis Masa They immediately got Anakin
Into A medical Capsule and Padme to the Delivery Table
Separated By only a Piece of clear Glass Padme tossed and Turned
As she Opened her Eyes to the Shocking Image of A man Screaming in Pain as the medical droids began working his burned and limbless body
As Padme Began to scream in Shock not able to Keep her eyes away
Realizing By each Passing Moment that This was no Random man This
Was her Husband The Hero of The Clone Wars and the most Powerful Jedi to someday be Anakin Skywalker?
The Pain of The Twins in her Stomach and The Shocking Image of Seeing an Ax Came this Way Caused her To faint
Immediately Laying There Lifeless as Obi-wan Came
Over to her With Yoda and Stroked her head so she Would Calmly Wake Up and Proceed
With the Pregnancy as Yoda Frowned and Looked over Toward Skywalker he Entered the Room Where the Screams were now
Amplified No longer Dulled by glass walls
Coming to See Anakin who Didn't even Seem Human Anymore Just A feral animal and more Pain than Yoda has ever
Sensed A single Entity to be he Raised his Alien-Like Hand to send Healing Energy to Skywalker
Touching his Leathery Burnt skin
Closing his eyes and Beginning to Feel the Boy's Body Relax, his Screams
Beginning to soften and able to hear Anakin's Raspy Breathing he Could Feel something
Was wrong with his Lungs? They, were Set on Fire From the inside as he Started to Feel and against Pain Subside
Opening his Eyes in Fear and Shock he Used the Force to run to the other Room telling Obi-wan to leave Padme and to come
With him at Once, oh
Obi-Wan Had Already Been at
The Front of the Door when you two got There he Had felt it too as They ran past a confused bale who Followed suit
They Went Outside To See Clones Firing upon the native Inhabitants of the Planet as the
Emperor Stepped Outside of his Shuttle and Walked Straight Towards the Two Jedi Masters Surrounded by his Troops
"Fire" said The Emperor as the clones began to open fire on the last two Jedi Obi-Wan
And Yoda Knew that they must Finish it Quickly before Sidious used the advantage to go to Anakin Without even Igniting his lightsaber or
Hesitating Yoda Through all the Clones Into the air and Pulled them together Breaking all Their Bones and Necks
Cropping Up before Sidious who Smirked in Admiration Master Yoda
Such a violent act of a pitiful Jedi
Igniting his spare Red Lightsaber and Twirling Into Kenobi With the Dark Side of the force Screaming as he did Just before Fighting mace Windu
Unfortunately for The Emperor Obi-wan was a Master of source Soup deflecting the Attack with ease as Yoda
Jumped Behind Sidious and ignited his green saber This was Surely a match
Match that Would Harness all of The Emperor's Powers Any Falter in his Technique and he Knew The result Could be Fatal
Sidious Move to the Side and Push the Aura Into the stone Wall far Behind Him Master Yoda
Knew what he was trying to?
Do he Wanted to split them Up he Knew that if he Killed the Weakest Link first
Then who Would be able to Continue what They never Finished in The senate?
Swinging his lightsaber Towards, Obi wan's skull Yoda was impressed at. How much of a Master of Blocking attacks will be won
He, was surely Proud his Fellow Jedi Master Could See?
why he
was able to stand up to Anakin and
Grievous the Way that he did as Obi-wan was Thrown to the Floor Yoda Knew he?
Couldn't Take This Barrage of Speed and Power From The Emperor for much longer
When Cities felt A massive Body hit him From the Side Turning to Look and being Astonished at what
was in The air it was Master Yoda he Had Raised all of the Cloned Bodies Into the Sky
Spinning Them using the Force as he Closed his eyes and Shot them at member With Inhuman Speeds
Sidious Smirks Blood We've Been Training Practice
Swinging his lightsaber as A Cleaning Game he Sliced and Slashed Through every Limb and Torso that came at him
Dropping His Red Weapon to the Floor and Sending a Shockwave of Force Typing Bodies
Incinerating Better Suited us as he Loved and Levitated his lightsaber Into the air
Igniting it Turning to Obi-Wan and See
Alright Guys This is where The first Part Ends and I want you all to vote on what you want to happen next so comment
Below How Exactly You want the Ending to go and the Winner will receive
A force Fx lightsaber of Their Choice for free by me Now I may Incorporate some of your story
Into Part Two or Use all of it with some twists in the end
It won't be chosen by the highest rated Comment so don't worry about that it's not a Popularity Contest
Make Sure to follow the Three social Media links Below so you know who the Winner Is when the Time Comes and of Course to?
Interact and Connect With be
Good luck and i can't wait to see you all
With your Different Endings and how you Would like the story to Finish Thank you so much for Watching this Episode
Everyone Let Me Know what You thought I'll see you all in the next Episode of Star Wars
Theory until Then My fellow Jedi Knights and Friends Remember